DHPRS stands for Daily Home Practice Recording Sheet (Copyright 2018 Carolyn Fisher). This app is developed to allow a person to enter their daily records into an android phone. It uses a SQLite database to store all information. No provision is currently given to track or remove any data off the phone. There are two screens. One is a List View which has a date, Practice Type and length of each daily practice. There is also an Edit View which allows the user to save or edit a daily record. Buttons are used for easy date and time entry. Spinners are used to for several entries to save the user from having to use the keyboard. A Comments section allows the user the enter multiline comments

In the past I've been advised to have a disclaimer for my projects.  It sounds real scary, though I endeavor to make all my projects behave nicely and would never knowingly ship junkware.

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided by THE PROVIDER "as is" and "with all faults." THE PROVIDER makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the safety, suitability, lack of viruses, inaccuracies, typographical errors, or other harmful components of this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software, and you are solely responsible for determining whether this SOFTWARE PRODUCT is compatible with your equipment and other software installed on your equipment. You are also solely responsible for the protection of your equipment and backup of your data, and THE PROVIDER will not be liable for any damages you may suffer in connection with using, modifying, or distributing this SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

