README.md, before:

DHPRS stands for Daily Home Practice Recording Sheet (Copyright 2018 Carolyn Fisher). 
This app is developed to allow a person to enter their daily records into an android phone. 
It uses a SQLite database to store all information. No provision is currently given to track or remove any data off the phone. 
There are two screens. One is a List View which has a date, Practice Type and length of each daily practice. 
There is also an Edit View which allows the user to save or edit a daily record. 
Buttons are used for easy date and time entry. Spinners are used for several entries to save the user from having to use the keyboard. 
A Comments section allows the user the enter multiline comments.

In the past I've been advised to have a disclaimer for my projects.  It sounds real scary, though I endeavor to make all my projects behave nicely and would never knowingly ship junkware.

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided by THE PROVIDER "as is" and "with all faults." THE PROVIDER makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the safety, suitability, lack of viruses, inaccuracies, typographical errors, or other harmful components of this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software, and you are solely responsible for determining whether this SOFTWARE PRODUCT is compatible with your equipment and other software installed on your equipment. You are also solely responsible for the protection of your equipment and backup of your data, and THE PROVIDER will not be liable for any damages you may suffer in connection with using, modifying, or distributing this SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Commit message:

Subject Line: Edit README file
What Happened:
Edited README file to coincide with update changes in application. Read License file and made no changes.

README.md, after:

DHPRS stands for Daily Home Practice Recording Sheet (Copyright 2018 Carolyn Fisher).  This app is developed to allow a person to enter their daily records into an android phone.  It uses a SQLite database to store all information. A provision is made to share one record at a time using Android Share.
 
There are two major screens. One is a List View which has a date, Practice Type and length of each daily practice.  New records are added by clicking on a floating action bar.
 
There is also an Edit View which allows the user to save or edit a daily record.  Buttons are used for easy date and time entry.  Spinners are used for several entries to save the user from having to use the keyboard.  A Comments section allows the user the enter multiline comments. To save a record click on the checkmark on the top of the screen.

Since Practice Aid has options from a spinner there are two screens that allow you to Edit Practice Aids.  Edit Practice Aids is reached from the main starting screen by clicking on the Options Menu.  This brings up a list of current Practice Aids. 
Clicking on each Practice Aid will navigate to a screen that lists one Practice Aid. Here you can edit or delete a Practice Aid.

In the past I've been advised to have a disclaimer for my projects.  It sounds real scary, though I endeavor to make all my projects behave nicely and would never knowingly ship junkware.  Though it remains to be said as a part time developer I am limited by time and resource constraints.  

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided by THE PROVIDER "as is" and "with all faults." THE PROVIDER makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the safety, suitability, lack of viruses, inaccuracies, typographical errors, or other harmful components of this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software, and you are solely responsible for determining whether this SOFTWARE PRODUCT is compatible with your equipment and other software installed on your equipment. You are also solely responsible for the protection of your equipment and backup of your data, and THE PROVIDER will not be liable for any damages you may suffer in connection with using, modifying, or distributing this SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
